🤑 Great! Was looking through the asset and ideas related to it and held the same opinion. My opinion was only supported with the arguments of your idea)
A good description of the analysis, but the chart itself isn't the most exact. I hope that next time the graph will be more concrete. Good luck in trading!)
A good entry point for profitable trading. But the alternative scenario is unclear. What is the clear expectation plan?
A great option for trading to make money, I think the idea will work pretty quickly.
A pretty dubious idea. Maybe, the immediate price reaction will make you doubt it as well. Did you analyze the volumes when you wrote the idea?
A very good analysis of the asset. Glad I saw your idea)
A very high-quality analysis of the asset. I think that the immediate price reaction will help make sure of the further direction of movement. Buddy, I wonder what indicators you use in your analysis?
A very interesting publication. Thanks to the author for the work! As I understand, the idea of the publication came after the last news on the asset?
A working pattern, I think I've already seen it work on a similar asset. We can make money on this idea, thanks for sharing your view!
As always, a great technical analysis and qualitative description. Thank you for that!
Beautiful chart, my friend! This idea should definitely work, I'm sure)
Beautiful chart, with great analysis! It makes me happy when I see such a nice design of the analytics)
Correctly noted arguments, some I had not even noticed before. The idea turned out to be informative and useful for further trading. Thanks, buddy!
Curious analysis, although I don't share your prediction on the asset. Have a nice trade 😉
Curious presentation of technical analysis arguments 🤔 The only note I would put a lot of accent on the cluster analysis, but that is a matter of taste.
Even though I don't support such a sentiment, it would be an alarming signal for my strategy, so thank you for your work!
Everything seems to be fine. I agree with the idea, but several factors are still keeping me from the asset deal. Thanks for the idea! I wish everyone who takes the risk a profitable trade)
Excellent idea, colleague! Although I think that not everything is mentioned, but I fully support it.
Extremely convenient design of the graph for perception. Deal with a good RRR, thanks for the idea)
Fantastic post, very well written. Checked the asset on all the indicators that are important to me, and they are also in favor of the idea. Have a good trade!
Genius is simple and your chart proves it! Thanks for the work, mate)
Genius! I haven't seen such a professional idea in a long time. You have a very attractive publishing style, keep up the good work 👍
Genius! Not the most standard analysis, but for this asset it describes well the scenario of its movement.
Good description of the idea and technical analysis of the chart! Checked the cluster analysis and do not doubt the idea) Already waiting for the exact workout.
Good design and analysis, but the idea does not match my risk management. Have a good trade!
Great analysis of the asset, I don’t really like analyzing this asset, but your idea is very high quality. Great work, colleague!
Great analysis, but not all patterns are shown. No questions about the forecast as a whole, but the patterns are visually not enough for a complete view.
Great analysis, my friend. I love the technical analysis in your ideas. You follow all the rules of TA, but you don't forget about actuality)
Great entry point, thanks for the suggestion, I'll look into it more today. Have a good trade!
Great explanation of the analysis! Interesting what timeframes do you use most often in your analysis?
Great idea, first time I've seen it, but I've seen some points in similar ideas. Making your charts reminds me of something. I wonder if you take cluster analysis into account when writing your idea.
Great job, mate! Totally agree with your vision, but next time I would like to see a more detailed description.
Great publication! I think this movement will be accompanied by some important news. So, for now, I'm waiting and keeping an eye on the current news.
Great publication. Graphic analysis as if from textbooks. You can see that you have worked through several timeframes, the older timeframes also confirm your arguments. Thank you for your work!
Great setup! I agree with you, thanks for sharing your vision. I wonder what you pay attention to when choosing an asset to trade?
Great technical analysis! Thanks to you I noted important arguments, now it is clearer what targets the asset can achieve.
Great view of the situation with a good description! From a professional point of view, it would be interesting to know in what order, what steps you use when analyzing an asset)
Great! Everything about this publication is perfect. It would be interesting to read the procedure of her analysis)
Great! I agree with this price movement. I think the upcoming news on the project may have an effect on it.
Great! The idea for this asset fits the current macro situation. In the next ideas I would like to see a more detailed description of the idea.
Hmm, pretty interesting publication. I agree with the arguments. I wonder what your long-term asset strategy is?
Honestly, I do not agree with this idea. I think it does not consider the last news in the market. Did you consider news when writing the idea?
I agree with the technical analysis, but I've been seeing too many similar ideas on the asset lately. I think it is worth reconsidering the scenario of a possible move.
I agree with you in the general sense of the idea, but I think you still need to read the news on the asset. By the way, do you somehow take the news into consideration when writing an idea?
I agree with you, but my targets are different from yours. I wonder how you define targets for your strategy?
I agree, this asset may well show similar dynamics in the current market.
I can only wish you luck with this idea) I do not agree with most of the arguments, and the news on the asset is still cautious on the transactions.
I cannot support this idea. It's too early to make a prediction now. Even though my analysis is the same, I will be watching the asset from the sidelines for now.
I disagree with your position. Older timeframes counter your parsing. I think your parsing looks like it was copied from a textbook, I should have tweaked the analysis.
I don't agree with all the arguments this time, but it's a very interesting point of view. I will keep this idea in mind during my trading. Thanks for the idea, mate)
I don't agree with your vision, it seems to me that the idea is too exaggerated, and there is no confirmation of this scenario right now. What will you do if the price goes the other way?
I don't even have anything to disagree with your publication. Excellent! The only thing is that my entry point is different, but only slightly 😉
I don't think such a scenario is possible right now. In the current market, not all of the arguments described will work.
I generally agree with the publication, but my targets are a little lower and I don't think it will happen that soon.
I have looked through several ideas for this asset today, and honestly, I have an ambivalent opinion of the idea. I think you reevaluate the possibility of such a scenario.
I have no complaints about the analysis and description, everything is fine here, as usual, my friend. But current market movements and recent news advise me to skip this idea. By the way, do you somehow analyze the news when putting together your ideas?
I have seen a similar trade idea for this asset several times today. I don't think all the arguments will hold, but some moves will probably be reached. Not only that, but I think I'll skip the trade this time.
I like the chart you have posted today. It looks very good. Thanks for sharing your analysis with us.
I second that! It's a little early to make a prediction now, of course, but all the arguments are the same as the ones I highlighted for myself. So, my scenario is almost completely the same)
I think it might work. Before reading the idea, I did my own analysis of this asset and also came up with a similar scenario for the price movement.
I think that the range of possible price movements is not allocated quite correctly, it is worth checking them through the volume profile. But in general, I support the idea, the description is detailed, the technical analysis is qualitative. Thank you for your work!
I think that the time for such an idea has not yet come, but such a scenario is certainly worth building into your trading strategy in advance.
I think that today we should see how the day will close and then place limit orders to gain a position. Good idea!
I think the entry point is too risky for now, I''ll keep looking, but thanks for the idea!
I would add the state of macro parameters to the technical analysis, but other than that, it's a great chart. Thank you!
In general I agree with this publication, BUT my goals are a bit lower, and I do not believe it will happen so soon.
In my opinion, we have already seen a backlash from the nearest levels
Interesting point of view, different from most, but I think the price will still go the other way.
It seems logical and the technical analysis is pretty good, but the current market sentiment and trading volumes warn me against such an idea, so I'll skip it.
It's a beautiful chart. You have a very good use of technical analysis tools. When you analyze the long term, do you consider the fundamental analysis?
It's a bold idea, but in my opinion it's stupid. Nothing personal, just our arguments diverge 😅
It's a good idea, but we still have to wait for confirmation, so we shouldn't go in now.
It's amazing! I spent a lot of time today weighing the arguments for and against, but you were able to describe it much better. Thanks for the work, mate! I just hope you focus more on the volume of asset trades in your next posts.
It's been a while since I looked at this asset, and the situation has changed dramatically. Thanks for the work, bro 👍
Keep it up! After the latest asset movements, this scenario is more appropriate than ever. I wonder if you use leading indicators to confirm your ideas?
Love this analysis! Thanks for sharing your idea)
Man, this is crazy! In this market, with the current mood of the crowd, this idea has very little chance of success.
Many thanks for sharing your perspective on the analysis of this asset. There are some doubts about the levels the price can reach, but in general I agree with you.
Mate, I would skip that idea if I were you. I think it's worth waiting for some levels to be confirmed. So far RRR looks a bit dubious.
My thoughts are going on the same direction, thanks!
Nice work, mate! Totally agree with your way of thinking, and the news supports the idea)
Nice work! I am really surprised. Nothing to complain about 😅
No, in the current position even with all the arguments it is a very risky deal, I will consider only after the first target
Not a very nice chart. This time, the technical analysis tools were not used well enough, and because of that the arguments suffer.
Not bad, colleague, this idea is not as good as your own previous work, but in a market like this and it looks like a pretty interesting idea
Not bad, colleague. I can't completely agree with the analysis shown, but in the current market it's a great idea!
Not bad, I think the entry point now for the trade is quite good. Good idea, my colleague!
Not the clearest technical analysis, but the description totally brought it out)
Not the easiest setup to trade. It isn't entirely clear what the plan is in case of a different scenario. Do you have any thoughts on this?
Not the most familiar approach you take, but it was nice to see how you think through the publication. Thanks for your work, absolutely supportive!
Not the most logical and clear description, I think the arguments need more detailed explanation.
Not the most usual method of analysis for this asset. Usually your predictions are terribly accurate, I hope that will be the case this time.
Not the most usual reasoning regarding this asset, especially at this time. Thank you for your technical analysis)
Not the safest idea in the current market, but the description is good, so I'll keep it in mind. Do you somehow take news into account when writing the idea?
Oh, man, that's a pretty brave idea, but I don't think it's a good idea. There are too many conflicting arguments right now. Although maybe that will change soon...
Oooh, mate, with a market like this I would refrain from the idea with these assets. I think you should analyze the upcoming news before trading.
Pretty detailed analysis. Thank you for your work, colleague! Of course, I miss the candlestick analysis, taking into account the dynamics of volumes, but that would be too detailed)
Pretty detailed review of the pair, but still, I'm curious to know. Do you take into account fund sales before analyzing? Do you somehow study their effect on the market?
Pretty interesting and informative publication 🤔 You have quite an unusual approach to technical analysis, I like it)
Quite an unusual proposition for the current state of affairs. In general, it is possible if all arguments work out, so I will support this idea!
Sorry, mate, but you've had better ideas. I won't support it this time. I don't think all of the price ranges are accounted for. It's worth considering it again.
Sounds logical, but so far, I don't see much change in volume. I will wait for confirmation of the idea.
Strong levels are waiting for us in the way of price 😬 Good luck in trading 🤞 , the current position is on our side!
Such a scenario is possible and cannot be completely ignored, BUT recently the trades have changed a bit, so it's worth thinking about a plan in case of a change in the trend.
Thank you for posting this idea. Maybe these factors won't affect it now, but I think they will definitely affect the price movement.
Thank you for sharing your view on the analysis of this asset. There are some doubts regarding the levels the price may hit, but in general I agree with you
Thank you for the detailed analysis of potential asset movements, it was very helpful. It’s very interesting to observe your reasoning on technical analysis.
Thank you for the quality description of the asset. The uncluttered presentation helps to capture the main point of the idea.
Thanks for sharing your idea! Great description with good technical analysis. I wonder what metrics you look at initially when analyzing?
Thanks for sharing your view of technical analysis) I look forward to more analysis of this asset!
Thanks for sharing your view on this trade! Also recently considered this idea and agree with you on a possible movement scenario)
Thanks for sharing your vision, but I don't agree with the idea. I think the price will go higher and a move can be expected soon. Another question. Do you take market and asset news into account when writing your idea?
Thanks for the detailed analysis of the chart, although I don't agree with the prediction, the analysis is very qualitative. Keep up the good work!
That's a great idea! In the current situation, an asset is not very predictable, so thank you very much for posting!
That's a very interesting point of view. I think this scenario is possible for collecting liquidity, it would be very useful. And in the longer term, I'm looking at a price move in the other direction. Thanks for the hard work, mate)
That's brilliant, mate! I'm amazed at your ability to do such unique technical analysis)
The asset should test the levels more for the scenario to be confirmed. Thanks for sharing the vision!
The chart is pretty good, as is the idea in general. But the risks are quite high right now. I wonder what your risk-management strategy is for this trade?
The description is not the most complete, but the schedule itself is very good. Did you consider any news when building the chart?
The idea looks good, but I'm not sure that in the current market these formations will work. Thanks for the work, but I'm skipping
The idea was not too informative. In general, many of the arguments I have already noted for myself, but supported my vision) Thanks for your publication, my friend!
The information is detailed and quite concise. Thank you for the idea! It would be interesting to know the complete list of tools you use in your analysis.
The market now, unfortunately, is boring, but in general the idea is not a bad one. I think we can get at least a small profit from this idea.
The most illogical of your last ideas. I don't think the macroeconomic news will even give a chance for such a scenario to play out at the current moment.
The movement is too weak for the above scenario, I think. I don't think the idea will work this time.
The movements of the last week allow me to question the relevance of this idea. It is worth reconsidering the liquidity of the nearest levels for possible manipulation.
The presentation of the idea is good, but I don't think it will work. Have a good trade!
There are doubts about the zones that can meet the price during the movement, so I think it is worth waiting for new arguments or fixation for the continuation of the movement.
There's a pretty strong trend in assets right now, so I think you'll be right, and the idea will work out. But I'm worried that maybe we just haven't considered all the factors. What do you think about that?
This is an ambiguous situation for an asset, especially at the moment, so I think I'll skip this idea.
This is probably the best publication on this asset in the current market sentiment + I've seen a couple of news that would also support this idea. It would be interesting to know in what order you parse the asset for this idea
To be honest, now I do not agree with your expectations, but not because of technical analysis (just the same to it I have no questions), but the current situation in the market itself makes me think otherwise. Do you take into account the state of the macroeconomy when formulating your ideas?
Very easy to understand idea. Thank you for the quality material) It was interesting to see further updates on the asset
Very good charting. Thank you for sharing this great idea!
Very good notes with a good pitch!
Very good reasoning for the idea. I even left a few notes from it on my chart. Thanks, for your view, mate!
Very high-quality description, my friend. I just got a high from reading it 😌 I think that the idea will work pretty quickly, with the current volatility it has every chance to do so.
Very interesting opinion, but I don't think such a move is possible right now. I expect that the price now tends to go the other way to collect liquidity.
Very interesting publication, bro! I wonder what assets you trade most often?
Very professional work! A clear chart with a good description of the scenario.
Very, very timely idea. It's a great market and entry point for such a strategy.
Well, given recent price movements, I honestly don't think this scenario is possible. There is no clear visual representation of the structure.
Well, I could of course criticize the idea, but an asset is too unpredictable right now to be sure of anything. So, I can only thank you for a different point of view.
Well, not all indicators support this scenario now, and neither does the news. That is why I think that the idea will not work, and the risks are too high now. But thank you for sharing your vision.
Well, the validity of such a prediction in the current movement for me remains questionable, not convinced
What a great idea! It remains to wait for the price to fix, and you can enter the position)
What a great idea! The design is also on top, all the necessary information is very well displayed. Thanks for the technical analysis of the asset)
What a quality educational material 😱 I will recommend it to newbies for sure)
With the market's current relation to macro factors, I wouldn't be so sure about this idea. Things are changing and becoming more unpredictable.
Wow 😱 The analysis looks promising. Although I think the profit will be less than expected.
Wow, I don't share that view, although I find your opinion interesting.
Wow, man, your analysis is awesome. I didn't even see an opportunity like that in the current market until I looked at your idea 🤩
Yeah, not the most enviable entry point we have, but the technical analysis is correct.
Yes, I absolutely agree with your idea of this chart. The set of arguments is different, but I completely agree with your opinion)
You God damn right) I think that possible it's only start of movement.
Your content is very good. Keep up the good work mate!